---
published: true
title: 14 Modern Design Ideas For Your Bedroom
layout: post
---


Here at Bed King we are always on the lookout for beautiful bedroom design ideas. When we found this article we just had to share it with you! Read on and enjoy!

At the end of a long hard day there is nothing better than finally lying down on your bed and relaxing, but how many of us have a conducive interior style in the bedroom? It’s hard to design a bedroom that is stylish yet functional and calming without making it look like soulless showhome. We all know the importance of a good night’s sleep but do we realise how much the interior can impact this? The LuxPad spoke to designer bloggers and interior experts to get their top tips and advice on bedroom styles that will look great and provide you with the relaxing haven that you need. 


<a href="test">Glam Bedrooms</a>


Simone Aïda Baur, Interior Designer & Blogger

What a view! Admittedly, only a lucky few can call an ocean front bedroom their own. However, this bedroom is not just about the view. In my opinion it perfectly interprets what I call the key elements of successful bedroom design: clean lines and uncluttered surfaces in combination with warm materials, rich textures and soothing colours. Add a few pools of light and you got yourself the perfect recipe for a cosy haven of relaxation. In this particular bedroom they took it a further notch up by adding the element of fire, creating a truly harmonious environment and perfect balance. Image Credit



Sarah Akwisombe, Interior Blogger

I’m really into using dark colours in the bedroom. It creates such an intimate vibe and I find it incredibly relaxing, plus it’s super sophisticated and very glamorous! The designer did a great job in creating a room that incorporates beautiful traditional elements like the panelling and mouldings, but brings it up to date with bold lighting and metallics. To make this room more ‘me’ I’d add a few more POP art elements, calm accent colours and a bit of street chic with the accessories. Image Credit

Contemporary Bedrooms



Kate Baxter, Interior Blogger

I love the cool, calm feeling of interior stylist Pella Hedeby’s bedroom, with its abundance of natural light, crisp white linens and beautiful monochrome accents. The cladding on the wall behind the end offers the perfect framed display units for artwork and scented candles, and I always love a low console table at the foot of the bed for displaying coffee table books and keeping rows of footwear organised. Image Credit



Victoria Jackson, Interior Blogger

Far from stark and uninspiring, stripped back wooden floors and plain white walls are the epitome of classic Scandinavian interior design. A personal favourite of mine, there is nothing more relaxing than natural light, contrasting textures and a hint of colour popping through in features such as the statement mint wood burner found in this Scandinavian haven. Simple changes make this interior’s style easy to achieve – think fur throws thrown over white bedding, painted floors with warmth added through sheepskin rugs, a series of monochrome finishes including framed typography prints and industrial elements such as this oversized light juxtaposed with untouched wood finishes found throughout. Image Credit

Colourful Bedrooms



Geraldine Tan, Interior Blogger

This is a photo of my 8 year old son’s room, styled and photographed by myself. It’s a modern Breton themed bedroom.  I styled this bedroom in the autumn to bring a fresh, bright and happy feel to the room. I made sure that a cosy feel is maintained, with the soft throw on the bed for bedtime tucking in and the cushion for casual lounging. Everything is positioned conveniently, such as the comforting bedside light, an accessible bedside table for his drink and storage below his table for toys. Next to his bed is a laundry bag which encourages tidiness. To the right of his bed is a large shelf of favourite books, recently converted to his workspace. To the left of his bed is an empty area for running around with friends. Image Credit




Stacey Sheppard, Interior Blogger

I absolutely love this bedroom and it has actually inspired my own bedroom makeover. The bold use of indigo is classy and sophisticated and creates a sleep-inducing atmosphere. Blue is a very calming and soothing colour to use in the bedroom and can aid restful sleep. The use of chunky knits, Damask prints and patterned cushions adds to the cosy feel of this room. Image Credit
Minimalist Bedrooms



Cate St Hill, Interior Blogger
I love this bedroom for a number of reasons: it just looks so calm, relaxing and welcoming. It belongs to Netherlands-based interior stylist and journalist Holly Marder, who has a fab blog called Avenue Lifestyle. When you see the before images you will realise just how successful this bedroom makeover has been. Before it was dark and decorated in a garish purple and orange, but Holly has transformed it into a calm retreat by painting the floorboards and walls white. I like how the design is asymmetrical, there’s two different bedside tables, two different lamps, and a cluster of framed pictures on just one side, but it still really works, you don’t have to be too rigid and use the same thing on each side, especially when there are two different people in the bed, with two different personalities! Image Credit




Jennifer Jones, Interior Designer
I love the soft, muted palette of this master retreat. Cool greys and ivory are well-suited for the bedroom – a space that should feel calm and restful. The mix of textural fabrics and nubby wool rug create a warm, layered space that still feels contemporary and tailored. Image Credit

Feminine Bedrooms



	
		
			
Emily May, Interior Blogger

This bedroom by Samantha Pynn is my dream bedroom! The soft colour palette with the simple design gives this room such a relaxing feel, while the blue floral ceramic stool and pillows add another dimension to the room, and keep it from feeling too soft. The sheer curtains let in lots of light, keeping the room lovely and bright. This would be the perfect bedroom to while away a Sunday morning, I would never want to leave!! Image Credit




Elisabetta Rizzato, Interior Blogger

I love the luminousity of this bedroom. Huge windows and a total white background -even the ceiling beams have been painted in white- lights up all the space. Even if I love total white interiors, I think that some spots of colour can make a bedroom cosier. Here, I love the choice of dusty pink: it’s a trendy colour hue for this year and it goes well with most of colours. Also, pink is known as one of the most relaxing colours, so I think it’s perfect for a bedroom. (Grasshopper floor lamp and About a Lounge by Hay chair are always a great choice for a reading corner, love them in pink) One original architectural feature of this room, the mezzanine with bed on top: I’ve always been fascinated by low beds, but I’m not used to sleep close to the floor…so this is a good compromise!  Just one thing I would add in this beautiful room: some linen curtains on that windows, here in Italy it’s not possible to think about a bedroom without curtains, you could just die of heat here in a mid summer morning! Image Credit
Dark Features Bedrooms



Nicola Holden, Interior Designer

Bedrooms should be calming and seductive spaces, and this bedroom ticks both those boxes.  It has a calming, neutral pallet that is kept interesting through a mix of textures – wooden floors and ceiling, the white-painted brick wall, a sisal rug, a glamorous fur throw, and the marble bedside table.  The painted black wall adds another layer of luxury and glamour to this space, but the large, simple artwork keeps it from being too dark.  Interest to this monotone colour scheme is also brought in through the architectural style of lighting, and the pattern in the cushions.  All in all a perfect combination! Image Credit




Mike Ahern, Interior Blogger
My personal choice of colour palette frequently ebbs towards darker, richer tones during the winter months, because these tend to evoke warmth and comfort. This dark and alluring charcoal-coloured bedroom in a loft apartment creates instant drama and is instantly warmed by the blonde tones of the striking herringbone floor. Finished off with an exciting array of textiles, including a ‘must-have’ upholstered headboard, this bed is sheer indulgence. I also love the carefully curated collection of objects featured on the distressed shelving, and not forgetting the luxe-look side table. Perfection! Image Credit


Classic Bedrooms



Katia Perez, Interior Designer

The reason I love this bedroom is due to its refined elegance. The simple colour palette of blues and greys makes for a wonderfully calming master bedroom. The classic Ralph Lauren pinstripe walls serve as the perfect backdrop for the stunning navy upholstered bed, with its many layers of cushions and throws creating a hotel-like feel. From the beautiful symmetry presented through every aspect of this room, to the many sumptuous textures, this bedroom reflects the perfect marriage of classic style with distinctive contemporary touches. Image Credit


Laura Thomas, Interior Designer

This cottage bedroom at ‘Driftwood’  in the Bay of Islands, New Zealand was a shoot location for Laura Thomas Linens ‘Organic Bed Linen Collection’.  A space where time became irrelavant and the busy technological world we live in could be placed on hold.  The coastal style was uncluttered and the use of straw roller blinds and natural light created an atmosphere of wilderness and calm.  The incrediable view could be enjoyed from the comfort of the bed.  A perfect paradise to wake up to! Image Credit

If you are in Cape Town/ Johannesburg and surrounds, stop at your nearest Bed King to help you find the right beds, pillows and mattresses for your dream bedroom!